use pip package manager to install third party libraries
for example pip install pytz ----> installs world time zone third party library

Notes on OOP:
Objects have 2 properties:
    Characteristics
    Actions

In the example of a store objects are Salesperson, cash register, Shirt, Pant etc.,

So let's take Salesperson object:
    Characteristics would be Name, Address, Phone number and Hourly pay
    Actions would be Sell Item, Take Item

Another example - take Shirt object:
    Characteristics would be Color, Size, Style, Price
    Actions would be Change price
    Sounds silly to have actions defined on an inanimate objects but it has actions nonetheless since it's an object --> think about this point

Characteristics and Actions in English Grammar
Another way to think about characteristics and actions is in terms of English grammar. A characteristic would be a noun. On the other hand, an action would be a verb.

Let's pick something from the real-world: a dog. A few characteristics could be the dog's weight, color, breed, and height. These are all nouns. What actions would a dog take? A dog can bark, run, bite and eat. These are all verbs.

Technically,
    Characteristics are called as attributes
and Actions are called as methods
of a CLASS

Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Vocabulary
class - a blueprint consisting of methods and attributes
object - an instance of a class. It can help to think of objects as something in the real world like a yellow pencil, a small dog, a blue shirt, etc. However, as you'll see later in the lesson, objects can be more abstract.
attribute - a descriptor or characteristic. Examples would be color, length, size, etc. These attributes can take on specific values like blue, 3 inches, large, etc.
method - an action that a class or object could take
OOP - a commonly used abbreviation for object-oriented programming
encapsulation - one of the fundamental ideas behind object-oriented programming is called encapsulation: you can combine functions and data all into a single entity. In object-oriented programming, this single entity is called a class. Encapsulation allows you to hide implementation details much like how the scikit-learn package hides the implementation of machine learning algorithms.
In English, you might hear an attribute described as a property, description, feature, quality, trait, or characteristic. All of these are saying the same thing.

